---
layout: post
title: "TITLE"
date: 2025-07-30
---

- Brea wakes up at 6AM, before Scott, which she's proud of because that never happens. 
- Scott wakes up at 6:30, we learn that our 10AM flight is delayed an hour, which will cause us to miss our connection and get stranded in Oakland. There doesn't seem to be any good options to rebook back to burbank, we start looking at hotel options to, oh so reluctantly, stay a few more days before we can get home. It got too complicated and expensive though so we decided to rebook the flight to land at LAX where we'll pick up an Uber to take us back to our car in burbank. 
- On the way to the airport, we learn that our flight booked to LAX, also with a connection in Oakland, would arrive early enough to take a different flight to burbank, but the website wouldn't let me change to that flight and the Southwest representative on the phone said that I will need to just talk to the gate attendent when we arrive to oakland. 
- When we land in OAK, we get to the gate for the flight leaving to BUR, we talked to the gate attendent and she was extremely unhelpful, even though I knew that the flight had plenty of space on it (from talking to the rep on teh phone), she said there was no way to get us on the plane. It was all very frusterating. So we had a little time to kill in the OAK airport and decided to go to the lounge. We left with plenty of time to make it back to our gate before boarding, but we hear them announce last call for boarding our flight over the PA system. So we start sprinting through the airport. It was a good 3 minute jog that felt like 20. We get to the gate and ask why they announced last call and the guy just shrugged and said he was trying to get the flight out early (none of which is ever reflected in the boarding time on the app, which we were paying close attention too). 
- We land at LAX, and get the 45 minute uber to the BUR parking lot. Finally, back to the car at 11PM. 
- Brea turns the key and... nothing happened. Battery is dead. No we didn't leave the ligts on, it turns out the battery was just bad and had died while being parked for a week. Fortunately, we had a battery powered jump starter that Scott's grandpa, Derrell Ireton, had gifted him as a Christmas present a while back. The car starts and after long last, we make it home.
- 






