---
layout: post
title: "Fire drill and tunnel tubing"
date: 2025-07-26
---



- fire alarm morning
  - Woke up at 5AM to the fire alarm going off.
  - that guy stomping up and down the hall said something like "She said to call 911, I dn't know why, then she just pulled the fire alarm" he said it was a woman, not a girl and he looked like he was packing up his car to go to the airport with his family and had absolutely no time to explain what he saw to anyone. The alarm was going off in all the buildings throughout our resort and the next one over. No fires to be found. Still don't know what happened.
- tubing
  - Company was kauai backcountry adventures
  - There was a scenic outlook at the top of the mountain so we could view mount wa'ale'ale. Which we couldn't actually see because of the cloud cover. It's one of the wettest places on earth with an average rainfall of over 400 inches per year, about 4 decades worth of rain for santa barbara.
  - They took us to the top of a mountain then we jump in intertubes and float down old plantation irrigation canals. The canals wound through the hills taking us through 5 fairly long tunnels along the way. The hosts were a blast, everyone here has been very nice. 
  - Brea got some singing in with the tour guide in the back.
  - When we got in the tubes they told us to not say sorry when bumping into each other, a hard feat for polite miss Brea. Instead we were supposed to say something like "Take that!". 
  - The canals took us through a natural clay wall area where we got to use it to make war paint on our faces. 
  - lunch was at a wattering hole where we talked with Willy and his wife, our new friends from Wisconsin.
- snorkeling at lydgate beach park
  - We took our snorkeling gear down the street to Lydgate beach park. 
  - we saw some cool fish and a dead crab...
- zumo sushi
  - Dinner at Zumo sushi, we were extremely hungry after a long day. Instead of being hangry at each other, we decided to just not talk while we waited the 20 minutes for our table.
- Waialua shave ice
  - Right next to zumo
  - Shave ice... Not shaved ice. 
  - It was delicious, we ordered a strawberry, guava, honey shave ice which came with fresh fruit and local honey.
- U Hawaii baseball game 13 innings
  - Arriving home at 9:30 it was way past our bedtime already. We turned on the university of hawaii baseball game against UC Davis. The game was in the bottom of the 8th tied 1 to 1 when we turned it on, so we figured it would be a fast game, but boy were we wrong... They drug the game out to the 13th inning, where Hawaii won with bases loaded, 2 outs, and a pitchers bauch. An underwhelming end to the game.


