---
layout: post
title: "TSUNAMI!"
date: 2025-07-29
---

- The day started with a trip to a waterfall lookout point on the Wailua river.
- On the way back down we stopped at a historical site that was completely overran with chickens. When we pulled the car up, they all came sprinting over to us. 
- Then we grabbed hawaiian BBQ for lunch and took it to Kalapaki beach where we started walking down the coast to look for a spot to eat. There was a small group of homeless people there that were next to a picnic table and one guy saw that we were looking for a place to eat and he invited us to use the table and apologized that he didn't have time to clean it off (it was as clean as you'd expect a beach picnic table to be however); all he asked for in return is if we had leftovers to leave them there for him to eat. We agreed and sat to eat our somewhat tense, but totally fine lunch on the beach. When we were done, we thanked him and left our mediocre leftovers for him to enjoy... 
- Then we went to a nearby shopping center to kill a little time before our scheduled Koaloa rum tasting. There was a shop there that had a bowl of oysters where you got to pick your own oyster and get a pearl. So Brea did it and found a nice pink pearl. We decided to purchase the jewlery that holds the pearl online instead of the marked up prices on the beach. 
- Then we went to the Koaloa plantation for our rum tasting. It was held in a nice private bar.
- We went to gaylords restaurant on the property and had a cocktail during which we leared that there was a magnitude 8.8 earthquake off the shore of Russia and Hawaii was put onto tsunami watch. At first we just saw this on the news where they said first wave was likely to arrive around 7:15 PM (it's about 3PM now). 
- By the time we got home, an official tsunami warning had been sent out to our phones via the emergency alert system. Here's how the rest of the day progressed:

T-minus 3.5 hours until first wave:
- arrive back at the resort

T-minus 3 hours: receive emergency alert notifying us that we were in a mandatory evacuation zone and that tsunami sirens were issued. 
T-minus 2.5 hours: Brea starts laundry
T-minus 2 hours: resort staff pass out emergency evacuation maps that guide us to an emergency shelter at a local middle school. We can see the road from our lanai and the traffic is BAD
T-minus 1.75 hours: Wash is done, Brea moves laundry to the dryer
T-minus 1.25 hours: We set up a go-pro on the coast high up in a palm tree to take a timelapse of the resorts impending doom. A low flying plane passes overhead blaring sirens.
T-minus 1 hour: Dryer is done and we pack everything up to leave. Not a car on the road at this point.
T-minus 30 minutes: Arrive at Napali brewing company in Lihue, a safe place to wait it out. The brewery was packed, another couple invited us to share a table with them. We ordered beers, swapped stories, and daydreamed about getting stuck on the island. Order food.
T-minus 15 minutes: Eyes are glued to the only TV in the brewery, the local news showed an interview with the director of the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center: Dr. "Chip" McCreery. The news was also showing live streams of a few people standing on the otherwise vacant coast, one person was even surfing...
T-minus 0 minutes: No noteworthy news. No food yet either.
T-minus -30 minutes: No noteworthy news, but the food arrived.
T-minus -2 hours: No noteworthy news, the food was good. We decide to go back to the resort. 
T-minus -2.25 hours: The highway is closed, change route to Walmart parking lot.
T-minus -2.5 hours: Grab supplies in walmart, water and snacks. Momentarily play with a mom and her ~6 year old kid who are kicking a ball up and down one of the aisles.
T-minus -3 hours: Brea falls asleep in the backseat of the car. I stay in the driver seat watching the news. 
T-minus -3.5 hours: scott falls asleep too
T-minus -4 hours: wake up, check news, nothing too noteworthy, fall back asleep
T-minus -4.5 hours: wake up, check news, nothering noteworthy fall back asleep
T-minus -5 hours: wake up, check news, nothing noteworthy, news cycle clearly died down, let's try to go back to the resort. Highway is open, we made it! Time for bed, early flight in the morning.






