---
layout: post
title: "TITLE"
date: 2025-07-28
---


- Drove to hanapepe, the town that Lilo and Stitch is based on
  - Went on swinging bridge
  - Explored the local shops
- Catamaran
  - Brea forgot her hat so we had to emergency buy her a hat while waiting for the boat
  - Scott had made it 24 hours without putting shoes on but reluctantly put shoes on to walk to the boat, thinking I would need them on the boat. Then when we got there, they made us take our shoes off and left the shoes on shore.
  - While we were walking down the pier, we saw a sign that said "Days since last injury: 9" which we thought was funny because it was so recent. 
  - Tourguides name was Kaui with like 20 other words in his name
  - We met another couple as we were walking to the boat and ended up hanging out with them during a lot of the trip, which made it more fun. Stephen and his german girlfriend... we forget her name.
  - The trip starts in Hanapepe in the south east short, then travels up the Napali coast, which is a state park with stunning views of the cliffs and ocean.
  - The captain was very personable, he spent a lot of time on the PA system telling us stories about hawaii and making jokes along the way. When he'd finish a story he would say "Ok I've been talking long enough, you guys are bored, I'll let you enjoy."... pause for 5 seconds "Oh actually I forgot to mention that ... "... pause "I'll stop talking now, ok bye".
  - Half way up the coast, we stopped to go snorkeling under this sheer 2000 foot cliff. We saw some cool fish and even a white tipped reef shark taking a nap on the ocean floor. 
  - The trip transitioned from sun to tropical rain as we travelled up the coast. At first, everyone was hiding inside but it only took a few minutes to realize that we were all in bathing suits from snorkeling and you can't see anything from inside. So everyone rushed back out onto the deck.
  - The capitan was very... confident... in his abilities and drove the catamaran very close to the cliffside and even stuck the bow into a cave so we could get wet under a waterfall.
  - On the way back, they had a taco buffet for us with an open bar. And they were very liberal with their distribution of alcohol, it was difficult to have only one drink in your hand because they would hassle you to have a second ready to go. 
  - When we got out of the rain, we were met with a double rainbow that was all the way across the sky from ocean to ocean. 
  - Then we stopped to watch the sunset.
  - it was dark when we got back to the dock and we thanked the crew for our favorite memory of this trip and promptly went home and passed out.

